feat: adding the OOP platformer project to new JS curriculum (#50385)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-oop-by-building-a-platformer-game/64c72e52133d687e8e6a60f6.md

---
id: 64c72e52133d687e8e6a60f6
title: Step 55
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-55
---

# --description--

Now it is time to add the event listeners that will be responsible for calling the `movePlayer` function.

Start by adding an `addEventListener` to the global `window` object. 

> For the arguments, pass in the "keydown" event and an arrow function that uses the destructuring assignment to get the `key` property from the `event` object. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the arguments, provide the "keydown" event and an arrow function that uses destructuring assignment to extract the `key` property from the `event` object.
```
